README.md, before:

# Express-Served React App


This is a `create-react-app`-generated React application deployed with Express, running in a container built from [the official Node image](https://hub.docker.com/_/node/).

## What This Accomplishes

No frills--get your basic React application up and running quickly.

## How to Use This

Replace everything in the `/app` directory with your project, ensuring that the necessary requirements are outlined for Node in the `package.json` file.

Tagging the builds and naming the running containers can be nice, as can running the containers detached. Thus those options appear in the examples below, as do a few of these other common things:

- There are two types of Dockerfiles--one designed for a development build and two for production builds. Each build command references the appropriate file.
- By default, the application will run on port 3000. Thus a common configuration will forward the host's port 80 onto the container's 3000, making the application accessible at `http://localhost` on the host. Of course, other ports are fine.

## Development

##### Build

```bash
$ docker build -t react-app/dev -f Dockerfile-dev .
```

##### Run

```bash
$ docker run -p 80:3000 --name webapp-dev -d react-app/dev
```

## Production

##### Build and Serve with Express

This is clearly not the most efficient way to deploy a Node application, but it is a nice place to start or just a quick way to get it going. For a slimmer option, see [below](#multi-stage-build-and-deploy-with-nginx).

##### Build

```bash
$ docker build -t react-app/prod -f Dockerfile-prod-express .
```

##### Run

```bash
$ docker run -p 80:3000 --name webapp-prod -d react-app/prod
```

### Multi-Stage Build and Deploy with Nginx

For a slimmer deployment container, we can employ multistage builds. This will allows for building the web application in one container (Node, in this case) and then copying the build files over to another container (a server container, Nginx in this case) to be served.

##### Build

```bash
$ docker build -t react-app/prod -f Dockerfile-prod-nginx .
```

##### Run

Here, we forward the host port 80 to the container's port 80 since that is the default port for HTTP access expected by Nginx.

```bash
$ docker run --name react-app -p 80:80 -d react-app/prod 
```

## Additional References

- Docker
  + Docker: [https://docs.docker.com](https://docs.docker.com)
  + Docker Compose: [https://docs.docker.com/compose/](https://docs.docker.com/compose/)
  + Docker Multi-Stage Builds [https://docs.docker.com/develop/develop-images/multistage-build/](https://docs.docker.com/develop/develop-images/multistage-build/)
- Nginx: [https://nginx.org/en/docs/](https://nginx.org/en/docs/)
- React JS: [https://reactjs.org/](https://reactjs.org/)

Commit message:

move nginx stuff to other repo

README.md, after:

# Express-Served React App


This is a `create-react-app`-generated React application deployed with Express, running in a container built from [the official Node image](https://hub.docker.com/_/node/).

## What This Accomplishes

No frills--get your basic React application up and running quickly.

## How to Use This

Replace everything in the `/app` directory with your project, ensuring that the necessary requirements are outlined for Node in the `package.json` file.

Tagging the builds and naming the running containers can be nice, as can running the containers detached. Thus those options appear in the examples below, as do a few of these other common things:

- There are two types of Dockerfiles--one designed for a development build and onw for a production build. Each build command references the appropriate file.
- By default, the application will run on port 3000. Thus a common configuration will forward the host's port 80 onto the container's 3000, making the application accessible at `http://localhost` on the host. Of course, other ports are fine.

## Development

##### Build

```bash
$ docker build -t react-app/dev -f Dockerfile-dev .
```

##### Run

```bash
$ docker run -p 80:3000 --name webapp-dev -d react-app/dev
```

## Production

##### Build and Serve with Express

This is clearly not the most efficient way to deploy a Node application, but it is a nice place to start or just a quick way to get it going. For a slimmer option, see [this similar repository](https://github.com/renciweb/nginx-react).

##### Build

```bash
$ docker build -t react-app/prod -f Dockerfile-prod .
```

##### Run

```bash
$ docker run -p 80:3000 --name webapp-prod -d react-app/prod
```

## Additional References

- Docker: [https://docs.docker.com](https://docs.docker.com)
- Node.js: [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)
- Express: [Express](https://expressjs.com/)
- React JS: [https://reactjs.org/](https://reactjs.org/)
